content/7-Feedback/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Sharing and Feedback"
date: "2006-01-02"
weight: 7
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 7. </b> "
---

{{% notice warning %}}
⚠️ **Note:** The information below is for reference purposes only. Please **do not copy verbatim** for your report, including this warning.
{{% /notice %}}

> Here, you can freely share your personal opinions about your experience participating in the First Cloud Journey program. This will help the FCJ team improve any shortcomings based on the following aspects:

### Overall Evaluation

**1. Working Environment**  
The working environment is very friendly and open. FCJ members are always willing to help whenever I encounter difficulties, even outside working hours. The workspace is tidy and comfortable, helping me focus better. However, I think it would be nice to have more social gatherings or team bonding activities to strengthen relationships.

**2. Support from Mentor / Team Admin**  
The mentor provides very detailed guidance, explains clearly when I don’t understand, and always encourages me to ask questions. The admin team supports administrative tasks, provides necessary documents, and creates favorable conditions for me to work effectively. I especially appreciate that the mentor allows me to try and solve problems myself instead of just giving the answer.

**3. Relevance of Work to Academic Major**  
The tasks I was assigned align well with the knowledge I learned at university, while also introducing me to new areas I had never encountered before. This allowed me to both strengthen my foundational knowledge and gain practical skills.

**4. Learning & Skill Development Opportunities**  
During the internship, I learned many new skills such as using project management tools, teamwork skills, and professional communication in a corporate environment. The mentor also shared valuable real-world experiences that helped me better plan my career path.

**5. Company Culture & Team Spirit**  
The company culture is very positive: everyone respects each other, works seriously but still keeps things enjoyable. When there are urgent projects, everyone works together and supports one another regardless of their position. This made me feel like a real part of the team, even as an intern.

**6. Internship Policies / Benefits**  
The company provides an internship allowance and offers flexible working hours when needed. In addition, having the opportunity to join internal training sessions is a big plus.

---

### Additional Questions
- What did you find **most satisfying** during your internship?  
- What do you think the company **should improve** for future interns?  
- If recommending to a friend, would you **suggest they intern here**? Why or why not?  

---

### Suggestions & Expectations
- Do you have any suggestions to improve the internship experience?  
- Would you like to continue this program in the future?  
- Any other comments (free sharing):

Commit message:

Refactor and update content for the Serverless Student Management System workshop, including translations, resource cleanup instructions, and self-evaluation sections. Added budget estimate PDF for project costs and improved overall structure and clarity of the documentation.

content/7-Feedback/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Feedback & Suggestions"
date: "2006-01-02"
weight: 7
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 7. </b> "
---


### General Evaluation

**1. Working Environment**  
The working environment is very friendly and open. FCJ members are always ready to help when I encounter difficulties, even outside of working hours. The workspace is tidy and comfortable, which helps me focus better. However, I think it would be beneficial to add more events to provide additional knowledge.

**2. Support from Mentor / Team Admin**  
The mentor is very enthusiastic, always listens, and explains clearly when I raise questions. The admin team supports with procedures, documents, and creates favorable conditions for my work. I highly appreciate that the mentor allows me to try and solve problems myself instead of just giving the answers.

**3. Suitability Between Work and Major**  
The tasks assigned to me are suitable for the knowledge I learned at school, while also expanding into new areas I had not encountered before. This helped me both reinforce my foundational knowledge and learn practical skills.

**4. Opportunities for Learning & Skill Development**  
During the internship, I learned many new skills such as using project management tools, teamwork skills, and how to communicate professionally in a corporate environment. The mentor also shared a lot of real-world experience, helping me better orient my career.

**5. Company Culture & Team Spirit**  
The company culture is very positive: everyone respects each other, works seriously but still has fun. Everyone strives together and supports each other regardless of position. This made me feel like a part of the team, even as an intern.

### Suggestions & Wishes
- All the team members are very enthusiastic and always guide me, from registering at the office, finding cheap parking, to recommending good and affordable lunch spots.
- There should be a clearer schedule so that future interns can better prepare for tests and keep up with project progress.
- Since AWS Cloud is currently one of the most powerful tools, interning here will help you understand all aspects of AWS Cloud—not only how to use it, but also how to optimize operations and costs.
